DEVELOPMENT.md, before:

# Development

This is an example of a workflow that describes the development process. 

* Clone EasyDiffractionLib repository
  ```console
  git clone https://github.com/EasyScience/EasyDiffractionLib
  ```
* Go to the cloned directory
  ```console
  cd EasyDiffractionLib
  ```
* Checkout/switch to the `develop` branch
  ```console
  git checkout develop
  ```
* Create a new branch from the current one
  ```console
  git checkout -b new-feature
  ```
* Create Python environment and activate it
  ```console
  python3 -m venv .venv
  source .venv/bin/activate
  ```  
* Upgrade PIP - package installer for Python
  ```console
  python -m pip install --upgrade pip
  ```
* Install easydiffraction from root with `dev` extras for development 
  ```console
  pip install '.[dev]'
  ```
* Make changes in the code
* Run Ruff - Python linter and code formatter (configuration is in pyproject.toml)
  ```console
  ruff check . --fix 
  ```
* Run python tests
  ```console
  pytest tests/ --color=yes -n auto 
  ```
* Clear all Jupyter notebooks output
  ```console
  jupyter nbconvert --clear-output --inplace examples/*.ipynb
  ```
* Run nbQA - Jupyter notebooks quality assurance package
  ```console
  nbqa ruff examples/ --fix
  ```  
* Run Jupyter notebooks as tests
  ```console
  pytest --nbmake examples/*ipynb --nbmake-timeout=300 --color=yes -n=auto
  ```
* Commit changes
  ```console
  git add .
  git commit -m "Add new feature"
  ```
* Push the new branch to a remote repository
  ```console
  git push -u origin new-feature
  ```

Commit message:

Implement reading experimental data and parameters from Scipp CIF (#157)
* Draft a new repo structure for easydiffraction

* Remove some unused files

* Rename Job.py to job.py

* Rename InterfaceFactory to WrapperFactory

* Move cryspy.py to easydiffraction/calculators/cryspy/calculator.py

* Rename CryspyV2 to CryspyWrapper

* Rename CFML to Pycrysfml

* Move pdffit2 to a dedicated subfolder

* Rename InterfaceTemplate to WrapperBase

* Remove cryspy V1

* Move download_from_repository to utils.py

* Move cryspy_parser.py to easydiffraction/calculators/cryspy/parser.py

* Move cifV2ToV1 from cif.py to cryspy/parser.py

* Remove io/cif.py

* Fix file headers

* Move easydiffraction to src/easydiffraction

* Move Interfaces/types.py to .../calculators/wrapper_types.py

* Ruff fixes

* Bump version to 0.1.8 for test-ipynb step to install the current package

* Implement reading experimental data and parameters from Scipp CIF

* Fix ruff issues

* Fix scipp test

* Fixes after discussion and review comments

* Apply `ruff format`

* Use versioningit to create the package version based on git tags

* Update release-drafter. Use RESOLVED_VERSION

* Adjust the length of comments to be < 72

* Reduce number of approved release labels

* Fetch all tags in actions/checkout for versioningit to work

* Add default tag if versioningit doesn't fine one

* Get full history with tags to get the version number by versioningit

* Try after merging master into develop

* Add comments

* fix pypi publish workflow to get version by versioningit

DEVELOPMENT.md, after:

# Development

This is an example of a workflow that describes the development process.

* Clone EasyDiffractionLib repository
  ```console
  git clone https://github.com/EasyScience/EasyDiffractionLib
  ```
* Go to the cloned directory
  ```console
  cd EasyDiffractionLib
  ```
* Checkout/switch to the `develop` branch
  ```console
  git checkout develop
  ```
* Create a new branch from the current one
  ```console
  git checkout -b new-feature
  ```
* Create Python environment and activate it
  ```console
  python3 -m venv .venv
  source .venv/bin/activate
  ```  
* Upgrade PIP - package installer for Python
  ```console
  python -m pip install --upgrade pip
  ```
* Install easydiffraction from root with `dev` extras for development
  ```console
  pip install '.[dev]'
  ```
* Make changes in the code
* Run Ruff - Python linter and code formatter (configuration is in pyproject.toml)
  ```console
  ruff check --fix  # Linting (overwriting files)
  ruff format       # Formatting (overwriting files)
  ```
* Run python tests
  ```console
  pytest tests/ --color=yes -n auto
  ```
* Clear all Jupyter notebooks output
  ```console
  jupyter nbconvert --clear-output --inplace examples/*.ipynb
  ```
* Run nbQA - Jupyter notebooks quality assurance package
  ```console
  nbqa ruff examples/ --fix
  ```  
* Run Jupyter notebooks as tests
  ```console
  pytest --nbmake examples/*ipynb --nbmake-timeout=300 --color=yes -n=auto
  ```
* Commit changes
  ```console
  git add .
  git commit -m "Add new feature"
  ```
* Push the new branch to a remote repository
  ```console
  git push -u origin new-feature
  ```
