README.md, before:

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EasyScience/EasyDiffraction/master/resources/images/EasyDiffractionLib-logo_lightmode.svg#gh-light-mode-only)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EasyScience/EasyDiffraction/master/resources/images/EasyDiffractionLib-logo_darkmode.svg#gh-dark-mode-only)

EasyDiffraction is a Python library for calculating powder diffraction patterns
based on a structural model and refining its parameters against experimental
data.

EasyDiffraction library is the foundation of the [EasyDiffraction application],
an intuitive graphical user interface that aims to simplify and speed up the
analysis of diffraction experiments.

- [Website]
- [Documentation]
- [Source code]
- [Bug reports]

## Contributing

We absolutely welcome contributions, and our goal is for EasyDiffraction to be a
community-driven open source project developed by a diverse group of
contributors.

EasyDiffraction is currently maintained by [European Spallation Source (ESS)],
Sweden.

If you are interested in contributing directly to the code, please see
[CONTRIBUTING.md] for details on our code of conduct and the process for
submitting pull requests.

## License

EasyDiffraction is licensed under the [BSD 3-Clause License].

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
[BSD 3-Clause License]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EasyScience/EasyDiffractionLib/master/LICENSE
[Bug reports]: https://github.com/EasyScience/EasyDiffractionLib/issues
[CONTRIBUTING.md]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EasyScience/EasyDiffractionLib/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[Documentation]: https://docs.easydiffraction.org/lib
[EasyDiffraction application]: https://github.com/EasyScience/EasyDiffractionApp
[European Spallation Source (ESS)]: https://ess.eu
[Source code]: https://github.com/EasyScience/EasyDiffractionLib
[Website]: https://easydiffraction.org
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

Commit message:

Update README with new links and framework info

README.md, after:

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EasyScience/EasyDiffraction/master/resources/images/EasyDiffractionLib-logo_lightmode.svg#gh-light-mode-only)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EasyScience/EasyDiffraction/master/resources/images/EasyDiffractionLib-logo_darkmode.svg#gh-dark-mode-only)

EasyDiffraction is a Python library for calculating powder diffraction patterns
based on a structural model and refining its parameters against experimental
data.

EasyDiffraction library is the foundation of the [EasyDiffraction application],
an intuitive graphical user interface that aims to simplify and speed up the
analysis of diffraction experiments.

EasyDiffraction library is based on the [EasyScience] framework, which provides the building blocks for creating scientific libraries and applications.

## Useful links

- [Main website] - Learn more about EasyDiffraction.
- [Documentation] - Read the full documentation.
- [Discussions] - Ask questions and discuss ideas.
- [Issue tracker] - Report a bug or request a feature.
- [Source code] - View the source code.

## Contributing

We absolutely welcome contributions, and our goal is for EasyDiffraction to be a
community-driven open source project developed by a diverse group of
contributors.

EasyDiffraction is currently maintained by [European Spallation Source (ESS)],
Sweden.

If you are interested in contributing directly to the code, please see our
[contributing docs] for details on our code of conduct and the process for
submitting pull requests.

## License

EasyDiffraction is licensed under the [BSD 3-Clause License].

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
[BSD 3-Clause License]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EasyScience/EasyDiffractionLib/master/LICENSE
[Issue tracker]: https://github.com/EasyScience/EasyDiffractionLib/issues
[contributing docs]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EasyScience/EasyDiffractionLib/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[Discussions]: https://github.com/EasyScience/EasyDiffractionLib/discussions
[Documentation]: https://docs.easydiffraction.org/lib
[EasyDiffraction application]: https://github.com/EasyScience/EasyDiffractionApp
[EasyScience]: https://easyscience.software
[European Spallation Source (ESS)]: https://ess.eu
[Source code]: https://github.com/EasyScience/EasyDiffractionLib
[Main website]: https://easydiffraction.org
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
